<p>FIM is a program for getting daily historical stock data about the FTSE 250.</p>
<p>Every program should open by importing myutils.py and mycharts.py. myutils holds lots of the functions that are necessary for other programs to run, while mycharts holds the functions that make the charts and graphs (the visual stuff) work. You should also import ftse250.py to get the list of companies in the FTSE 250.</p>
<p>To scrape your own data for the first time, you should run scrape_stock_historic.py. This will download all the files you need into a folder called "stock", which you should make yourself. You can then use scrape_stock_recent.py to update the data daily or as often as you see fit (it will work up to monthly).</p>
<p>When you've got your data, you can use analyse.py to run through some common technical analysis models, such as "three line strike reversal", and get charts showing relevant time periods. Running this will also save all BUY/SELL tips to tips.py.</p>
<p>Finally, you can use profits.py to determine P&L after different periods of time.</p>
<p>In the future, I'll add the code for you to set this up on a server such that you can determine your level of risk (e.g., 90% chance of making profit vs 30% chance) and have daily alerts for BUY/SELL. I'll also expand this to the FTSE 100 and other leading indicies. Ultimately, I would love to have this in an app, and AI identifying patterns and determining BUY/SELL.</p>
<p>Personal project of wfrost96, but the code is free to any welcoming home. Please do credit this GitHub account though. Thanks.</p>
